and in that day seven women shall take
and in that day seven women shall take hold of one man saying we will eat our
hold of one man saying we will eat our
hold of one man saying we will eat our own food and wear our own apparel only
own food and wear our own apparel only
own food and wear our own apparel only let us be called by your name
let us be called by your name
let us be called by your name to take away our reproach in that day
to take away our reproach in that day
to take away our reproach in that day the branch of the Lord shall be
the branch of the Lord shall be
the branch of the Lord shall be beautiful and glorious and the fruit of
beautiful and glorious and the fruit of
beautiful and glorious and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and
the earth shall be excellent and
the earth shall be excellent and appealing for those of Israel who have
appealing for those of Israel who have
appealing for those of Israel who have escaped and it shall come to pass that
escaped and it shall come to pass that
escaped and it shall come to pass that he who is left in Zion and remains in
he who is left in Zion and remains in
he who is left in Zion and remains in Jerusalem will be called holy everyone
Jerusalem will be called holy everyone
Jerusalem will be called holy everyone who is recorded among the living in
who is recorded among the living in
who is recorded among the living in Jerusalem when the Lord has washed away
Jerusalem when the Lord has washed away
Jerusalem when the Lord has washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion and
the filth of the daughters of Zion and
the filth of the daughters of Zion and purged the blood of Jerusalem from her
purged the blood of Jerusalem from her
purged the blood of Jerusalem from her midst by the Spirit of judgment and by
midst by the Spirit of judgment and by
midst by the Spirit of judgment and by the spirit of burning then the Lord will
the spirit of burning then the Lord will
the spirit of burning then the Lord will create above every dwelling place of
create above every dwelling place of
create above every dwelling place of Mount Zion and above her assemblies a
Mount Zion and above her assemblies a
Mount Zion and above her assemblies a cloud and smoke by day and the shining
cloud and smoke by day and the shining
cloud and smoke by day and the shining of a flaming fire by night for over all
of a flaming fire by night for over all
of a flaming fire by night for over all the glory there will be a covering and
the glory there will be a covering and
the glory there will be a covering and there will be a tabernacle for shade in
there will be a tabernacle for shade in
there will be a tabernacle for shade in the daytime from the heat for a place of
the daytime from the heat for a place of
the daytime from the heat for a place of refuge and for a shelter from storm and
refuge and for a shelter from storm and
refuge and for a shelter from storm and rain